>> Jem Young: When it comes to security,
there are a few key ways that we think
about how to lock down our server.
The first one we talked about before
was SSH, secure socket shell.
So instead of using a username and
password, we use SSH.
Because the problem with a username
password is, one, humans,
we tend to reuse the same
password over and over again.
Or we'll use variations of password or
password1.
In fact, security researchers, when
they look at stolen passwords, they say,
what are the top five
common stolen passwords?
And they're like 12345.
And you're like, I made my password
requirement eight characters
rather than five cuz that's more secure.
So what do people do?
12345678.
I'm not kidding, if you look at hacked
passwords, it'll be password or
password with,
instead of an a, an @ symbol.
Humans, we're our own worst enemy.
So what we do is we create
these security rules and
protocols that help us kind of not shoot
ourselves in our foot, cuz you will.
If I didn't tell you, we'd probably
still be doing everything as root, and
bad things entail.
So it's best to follow the best
practices of the community.
Another way of handling security, and
the one you're probably all familiar with,
is firewalls.
Another one is just keeping
your software just up-to-date.
Because vulnerabilities and
zero days, they happen all the time.
In fact, there is big money in zero days.
And I say zero days,
but what is a zero day?
I'm sure you've heard the term before.
>> Speaker 2: Unpatched vulnerability.
>> Jem Young: It's
an unpatched vulnerability,
specifically one that the company itself,
so Microsoft or
Apple or Google,
has not found or documented yet.
So it's an undocumented vulnerability,
and zero days are worth a ton of money.
We're talking millions of dollars,
depending on what the exploit is.
And there's so much so
that there's entire companies
that all they do is try to find zero days
and then sell them to the highest bidders.
These are kind of known as gray hats
in the world, because they're like,
well, we're not actually
doing anything bad with this.
We're just handing it off to someone else.
So gray hat is known as someone
who's morally ambiguous.
The good security researchers, the people
that are trying to protect you and
keep your software up-to-date and
are trying to find vulnerabilities and
then tell the companies about them
are known as white hat hackers,
and are security people.
And the bad ones, the nefarious ones,
are known as black hats.
And then there's the lowest here of
hackers and bad security people,
which are known as script kiddies.
Those are people that just download
things from the Internet and
then run it against entire IP
ranges trying to break in, yes?
>> Speaker 3: One of the most
famous zero day things was Stuxnet,
where our government or
whoever attacked the Iran
radioactive program or
whatever, nuclear program.
And then they used four zero day things
as a worm to spread this worm into
the facility, it's just crazy.
>> Jem Young: Stuxnet is fascinating.
We're talking about security, every
government in the world has their own
security teams and
hacking teams and zero day teams.
They won't talk much about it, but
they all have them because it's
this cyber war that's going on.
But I won't say war,
cuz it's not official, but
pretty much everybody's trying to
break into everybody all the time.
If you look at your auth log you see that
there's people trying to break in your
server right now.
Stuxnet is a really interesting example.
And it goes back to, what can someone
do if they gain access to your server?
So what Stuxnet did was they
chained a bunch of zero day, so
that is unpatched, unknown bugs.
And they usually start with some sort of
a stack overflow or something like that,
something innocuous.
But if you can make a computer stack
overflow, you can make it throw an error,
and that error, you can control.
And then once you start
chaining those together,
you can actually start doing something.
So even the most minor vulnerability can
turn into something major if someone knows
what they're doing.
And what Stuxnet did was
they planted software into,
I wanna say it was the USB drives,
that's how it started.
Because this was a nuclear facility
that refined uranium, or plutonium,
probably uranium.
And they're like, okay,
we know we're dealing with things
that are really dangerous.
We're not gonna connect
to the Internet at all.
So what Stuxnet did was they
hooked up to someone's USB drive.
So I don't know, a secretary or someone,
so whenever they hacked their computer.
So whenever they plugged in the USB drive,
they dumped the software into that.
So when that person went to work and
they plugged in that USB to,
I don't know, watch movies or something,
whatever people at nuclear facilities do,
that now got on to their server.
So even though that computer wasn't
connected at all to the Internet, they now
managed to infiltrate the entire network,
which honestly is next level hacking.
If you can hack someone's server
without actually being connected to it,
that's like only something governments
can achieve, or really, really,
really big funded companies.
But what they did was really subtle.
They just turned off the controls for
the things that refined uranium.
So they just made them
spin out of control.
And they literally destroyed millions and
millions of dollars in machinery and
set them back years.
All because their servers weren't secure
and their security protocols were bad.
So again, I say this to scare you
because you should be scared.
You don't know the unintended
consequences of having bad security.
Another common security factor
is two factor authentication.
That just means instead of just SSHing,
you would SSH and
then they send some sort of push
notification to your phone.
A device you'd have on you or a UB key you
plug into your phone, and then you say,
yes, this is me.
It's just another layer of authentication
that we're all pretty familiar with.
But that doesn't always work too
because there are ways around that.
For instance, Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter,
got hacked because Twitter
has this weird workaround where you can
still send tweets via text message.
So all they did was they called
up AT&T and they said, or
whatever his phone company was, they said,
hey, I got a new phone, I'm Jack Dorsey.
And they're like, are you sure?
They're like, yeah.
They're like, okay, sounds good to me.
And so his probably long password,
his two factor authentication was rendered
worthless because there's
just a way around it.
That's why when we think about security
we're talking about creating an entire
wall around everything we do.
And then every step of the way we say,
are you sure?
Are you sure?
And
it seems really onerous whenever we have
the sudo things, but it's because of that.
You always want security
on every step of the way.
Another security feature that
probably most companies use is a VPN,
a virtual private network.
That's essentially a wall
between the Internet and
the Intranet, which we discussed earlier.
Intranet is private Internet.
And it just means everything
through the wall is unencumbered.
You can develop,
you can push, you can pull,
you can login to servers as long as
you pass through the rigor of the VPN.
>> Jem Young: I can talk more
about VPNs a little later,
cuz they're not super critical right now.
But in general,
I surf the Internet using a VPN.
Probably most of you should at some point.
It's a little safer and
it prevents snooping.
>> Jem Young: I'll talk about that later,
if you want, towards the end.
I don't wanna get hung up on security,
cuz I keep telling stories about
it cuz they're really interesting.